[event-hubs, eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob] Fixing samples and readme (#11018)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/README.md

const { ContainerClient } = require("@azure/storage-blob");
const { BlobCheckpointStore } = require("@azure/eventhubs-checkpointstore-blob");

const storageAccountConnectionString = "storage-account-connection-string";
const containerName = "container-name";
const eventHubConnectionString = "eventhub-connection-string";
const consumerGroup = "my-consumer-group";
const eventHubName = "eventHubName";

async function main() {
  const blobContainerClient = new ContainerClient(storageAccountConnectionString, containerName);

  if (!(await blobContainerClient.exists())) {
    await blobContainerClient.create();
  }

  const checkpointStore = new BlobCheckpointStore(blobContainerClient);
  const consumerClient = new EventHubConsumerClient(
    consumerGroup,
    eventHubConnectionString,
    eventHubName,
    checkpointStore
  );

  const subscription = consumerClient.subscribe({
    processEvents: async (events, context) => {
      // event processing code goes here
      if (events.length === 0) {
        // If the wait time expires (configured via options in maxWaitTimeInSeconds) Event Hubs
        // will pass you an empty array.
        return;
      }

>       // Checkpointing will allow your service to restart and pick
>       // up from where it left off.

Reviewer: Nit: reword to avoid confusion regarding checkpointing allowing restarts

```suggestion
      // Checkpointing will allow your service to pick up from
      // where it left off when restarting.
```

Same in a few other files
